  Tell me about yourself
	How will u calculate the num of object created in a multiple classes?
	Give me the way of creating objects in java?
	What is the significance of static and tell me the useCases where we can use the static keyword in java?
	Suppose there is a file having multiple words and u have to reach end of the file how wil you achieve it?
	What to load a class in java?
	Tell me 5 aggregate functions in sql?
	Tell me the use of the serialize keywords in java?
	What is the PathVariabe in Spring?
	How will you manage the 2nd level cache in JPA?
	How will you connect with the databse using standalone java using hibernate?
	Tell me the shortcut keywords used in the intellije?
	How will you right the query to find top 100 records using sql?
	How will you add the records from a file in db using java?
	Tell me about your project?
	Tell me about spring security how it works?
	Tell me about Kafka Connectors how it works?
	Tell me why u wnt to change ur current org so early ?
	Tell me about design patterns?
	Tell me about how you connect with Lambda?
	How microservcies modules are connecting each other?
	where gradle .gradle
	nexus repository--- we shold store all dependency----i should not get itrration when we are getting from marke place
	1,2,4,+,4,-,768,/,6,7,8,0.
	1,2,4,+,4,-,768,/,6.7,8,0.--------------stack
	how to resolve cyclic dependency
	unittesting--i want to test exception error code--
	custum deserialize object
	strictfp---
	google api want to test
	ctr+h,ctr+r,alt+sft+f10
	
	aggregete funct----max,min,count,average,sum
	Hibernate datasource----
	sns--topic-- -sqs --knesies--
	
	
	To find the joining date of each employee from dept and employee table using sql?
	How will you design an uber application?
	Explain bean life cycle?
	Explain the difference between shallow cloning and deep cloning?
	What is the qualifier in spring?
	Where will you store the coordinates of the uber driver on server?
	Hibernate what is the caching in hibernate?
	What is garbage collector and how it works internally?
	What is the difference between hashcode and equals in java?
	What is the serialization in java explain it how it works?
	How many design patterns used by hibernate..
	What is the full form of rest. representational state transfer
	what is the object monitor.
	what is the object level lock and class level lock
	sort the array in increasing order--->{16,17,15,6,5,4,3} by using (on)1 time complexity
	How to implement custum sorting when you have only .jar file of custum clss
	
	---Xebia Labs Whitefield Video Interview 1st   Round Bangalore 2020----
	
	How will you handle the exception globally using springboot feature?-->@ControllerAdvice
	How will you configure the Roles in spring so your roles can be read by the apis liek @preAuthorize(has_role) ? By using Spring Authority method
	What are the types of scopes in spring?
	How will you write a code for example ,if you have to create a datasource instance one time using spring configuration? -->using @Bean in Configuration file means creating object.
	Write a program to find the longest adjacent consecutive length in an array using java?
	int a[] = {3,9,1,10,4,20,2,5};
find the longest adjacent consequitve length in this array

	Tell me about your project?
	Did you work on API Gateway?
	Did you work on Apache Kafka api in spring?
	
	Finastra Domlur Video Interview 1st Round Bangalore 2020


	
Tell me about yourself.
	Write a program having a terabytes of file and you have to find the repeated words using java?
	Tell me which design pattern will you use in the Elevator design?
	What is the ref Cursor?
	What are the cache synchronization strategies used in the hibernate?
	What is the difference between pessimistic and optimistic locking in jpa?
	What is the marker interface?
	What is the difference between Statement and PreparedStatement?
	What is the difference between classnotfounderror and noClasDeffounderror in java?
	What is the jsp implicit objects in jsp?
	What is the scriplet tags in  jsp?
	Difference between BufferedInputStream and FileInputStream in java?
	What is the 2-phase commit in microservices
	what is theyoung and old generation in heap memory.
	what is the changes made in interfaces in java 8 and other version.
	diffrance b/w abstract between interface based on java 8.
	can u ovverride default method.
	print 1-10 in consecutive order in multithred env like(t1,t2 ,t3 try to execute)
	
	
	Morgan Stanely Interview external Webex 1st Round Banaglore 2020


	
Tell me about your project.
	Tell me how to use the microservices in ur application.
	How do you manage transaction in your application?
	What Is the difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder.
	What is the Immutability in Java?
	What is the Class Type Synchronization and Instance type synchronization.
	Scenario based questions on the immutable class.
	Write a program to remove the duplicate value in hashmap and then add remaining elements which are not duplicate in map again.
	Write a program to find the max num repeated in a 4*4 dimensional array.[1 1 1 1 ,0 0 0 0, 1,0,1,1,0]
	How to delete a node from binary search tree write logic.
	Difference between abstract and interface in java?
	What are the design pattern in Microservices?
	How does ConcurrentHashmap works internally?
	What will happen if ur are reading and writing any data using two threads will it be accessible parallel or sequentianl.
	How did you use JPA in Springboot .
	What are the CRUD operation u have implemented in ur project?
	
	AllState



(1)    What is difference between inheritance and composition.

(2)    What is object class. What is significance of Object class.

(3)    Two type of cloning.(1)Shallow cloning (2) Deep cloning.

(4)    How to create deep cloning.

(5)    When cloneNotSupported exceptions throw.

(6)    Can override private method. And if we try to override then which exception will throw.

(7)    If we have 100 kb file and we have to compress to 1kb file, again if we decompress it then it will be original file. Here I have to write  our own algorithm            to compress and decompress.

              (8)    What is the disadvantage of Inheritance.
			  
			  ------Varifone Interview-------
1.Tell me about your project.
2.what is cloud watch.
3.How Dabezium worked.
4.diffrance between interface and abstract classes based on java 8 with real time example.
5.How can you handle exception at thread level.		
6. How IOC container working in spring.
7.How to create your own IOC container ....tell the approach and psedu code.
8. what is proxy design pattern .Is there another way core java we can achieve this feature .
9.which method will call when we call print(null)---within these overloaded methods a-print(object obj)	 b- print(String obj)	 c- print(StringBuilder obj)	  
10.some confusing question on overlading concept similer to above questions.
11.can we ovrload main method.
12.how can you restict to break singloton pattern even by Reflection Api.
13.What are design patern you used expalin stratgy design pattern.
14.  How can  you print{1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4.5,1.3.5.6,1.2,1.2.3.4} in tree post order.

-----Second round-------
1.  diffrance between interface and abstract classes based on java 8 with real time example.with diffrent scenario questions
2.Can we make private method and private instance variable inside abstract class.
3.If yes for above questions then what is the use ...how can u utilize this concept?
4.How class loaded in java.
5. why JVM became as platform dependent....if its not made as dependent then what will be impact of it.
6.How load class at runtime.
7.whn u r getting classNotfoundexception and when NoClassDefinition exception.
8.What JDK,JRE
9.How jave knows file at class path.
10. If i have 1000 lines of syatem.out.print("msg")..i will give u .class file then how can u store all print details in file and give it to me.(only core java and u dont know logging mechanism)
11.For above question if i will sahre my source code and you have to imlement logging ,echhanism then how will u implement it for all 1000 lines of code location.(framework not allowed).

12.How can you increase JVM memory.
13. How can you execute.exe file ny java prograame.
14.How will you handle with dead lock situation.
15.what is the work of JVM.
16.expalin about System.out.prinln


	